implicit acks (#23)
kazuho/draft-kazuho-quic-quic-services-for-streams: draft-ietf-quic-qmux.md

as detailed in {{stream-frames}}.

Use of other frames defined in QUIC version 1 is prohibited for various reasons.
Frames related to the cryptographic handshake are not used because an underlying
security layer can provide equivalent features. Use of frames that communicate
Connection IDs and those related to path migration is forbidden.

QMux does not use ACK frames; in terms of the QUIC protocol machinery, frames

> are considered acknowledged once they are passed to the underlying transport

Reviewer: I tend to agree with Ian.  Perhaps it would be better to say that frames are not acknowledged, because reliable is assumed to be provided by the underlying transport layer.

as detailed in {{stream-frames}}.

Use of other frames defined in QUIC version 1 is prohibited for various reasons.
Frames related to the cryptographic handshake are not used because an underlying
security layer can provide equivalent features. Use of frames that communicate
Connection IDs and those related to path migration is forbidden.

QMux relies on the underlying transport for reliable delivery and therefore does
not use ACK frames. In contrast to QUIC version 1 that tracks delivery of frames
and retransmit lost information ({{Section 13.3 of QUIC}}), frames in QMux are
considered delivered as soon as they are passed to the underlying transport for
sending. QMux stacks do not track delivery nor retransmit lost information. For
the stream state machinery defined in {{Section 3 of QUIC}}, references to

> acknowledgment are interpreted accordingly. This means that applications cannot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
acknowledgment are interpreted as though acknowledgments occurs as soon as
data is passed to the underlying transport. This means that applications cannot
```

As is with QUIC version 1, a connection can be closed either by a
CONNECTION_CLOSE frame or by an idle timeout.

Unlike QUIC version 1, idle timeout handling does not rely on ACK frames.
Endpoints reset the idle timer when sending or receiving QMux frames. When no
other traffic is available, QX_PING frames can be used to elicit a peer

> response and prevent unnecessary idle timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response and keep the connection active.
```

Do you want to mention that TCP activity (including keepalive) does not count?
